== Introduction

This sketch will write two lines to the display, one character at a time
and then blank the screen and start over.

There are several helper methods for you to use, take a look at the code
for a description of what each does and how to use it.

== Parts

First you'll need an Arduino:

http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/product_info.php?products_id=666

And the reason we're here, a SparkFun SerLCD:

http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/product_info.php?products_id=9395

And you'll need the Arudino programming environment to get this code
onto your Arduino:

http://www.arduino.cc/playground/Main/DevelopmentTools

== Connection

_Note: SparkFun sells both a 5V and 3.3V version of the SerLCD. These
instructions are for the 5V version. If you get the 3.3V version just
connection the 3V3 pin instead of the 5V pin listed below._

Connect the 5V pin of your Arduino to the VDD pin on the SerLCD. Connect
GND on the Arduino to GND on the SerLCD. Finally, connect digital pin 1 
(labeled TX on the Arduino) to the RX pin on the SerLCD.

Once everything is hooked up and running, here is what we should see:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dL57NjfmYM&fmt=22

== Notice

Since you're using the default serial output pin that Arduino also uses
when it's being programmed, a bunch of random characters will be sent to 
the SerLCD, including possibly a control character (used to change the
settings of the display, like the backlight brightness) and then a meaningful
character that will change a setting in the display. Therefore it's usually
best to unhook the LCD, upload your sketch and then plug it back in. The
text may get picked up in the middle of the display, but after a couple of
seconds you'll be in business.

== Running

Start the Arduino IDE, open up this sketch and click the Upload icon. If
you followed the instructions above then the SerLCD is not hooked up yet.
After the RX and TX LEDs stop blinking your code is installed and running.
Hook up your SerLCD and you should start seeing letters!

== Credits

This sketch uses code from http://www.arduino.cc/playground/Learning/SparkFunSerLCD
